hi everyone um to cut it short i am
making this video because there was a
girl and she took the sound from frozen
let it go and she put it through a
google translator incited it to several
languages and then back to english and
it was the result was hilarious and ever
since I watched that video I thought how
funny it would be for there was a
version of a pony song like this so
today since I was bored I just took the
smile song and I put it through several
languages so the most absurd ones I
could find I mean I haven't even heard
of some of these languages before and
then I turn it back to english and it
basically has almost nothing to do with
the original song which is hilarious and
I will try to sing that for you now and
yeah so there I go please enjoy and
please excuse the crappy quality of my
microphone and everything and I hope the
oh the audio is not too bad because I
don't have good equipment for this but I
really wanted to do this so ya hear
bells this song is really hard to think
so i'll probably be horrible at it
my name is Pinkie Pie welcome and I
think you like I great carles of what
has happened already keep your upset or
sad hi there join my friend Oh
yeah he's not my heart it is because
really a two smiles you smile I have a
friend happy I want to see you smile
attractive I want to see the tart and
stone or oh good stretch the little
finger is better so if you do not dreams
on my face I work hard and make every
effort to activate this fellow
our Quick Links break to hear for the
first these are some of the best things
and is true think you came to the show
but not by much one other thing that
makes it this is my and when I talk to
friends and lengthen small
this is not just a girl thing look what
I do it's meee so it always makes my day
hey Bonnie smashmouth I of my heart son
son feels the only requirements to smile
smile smile I have a friend happy cool
call me smile smile smile my heart son
son Silvio lyric friends too small smile
I have a friends
smile smile smile smile smile
bring your smile
bring your smile about why again I'm so
sorry